.TH avt 1 "(c) 2013 Fernando Iazeolla"
.SH NAME
avt - Aviation Tools.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B avt [ options ] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
a command line version of Aviation Tools. Key features are: gets metar ,gets taf , decode iata / icao airports , gets sunrise / sunset , gets geo info , decode airline codes , decode aircraft tail codes , decode aircraft names.


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B --help      -h
show help
.TP
.B --verbose  -w
verbose output
.TP
.B --version   -v
show program version
.TP
.B --metar   -m 
get metar
.TP
.B --taf    -f'
get taf
.TP
.B --geo    -g
get apt geo data
.TP
.B --ssv     -y <airline code>
decode airline code
.TP
.B --tc      -t <tail code>
decode tail code
.TP
.B --quiet   -q
silent output
.TP
.B --ac      -a <aircraft type>
decode aircraft type
.TP
.B --apt -i <iata or icao code>
input airport code
.TP
.B --decode -d
get decoded metar (with -m) -dm
.TP
.B --coord -c
displays latitude and longitude
.TP
.B --sun -s
displays sunrise and sunset
.TP
.B --list -l [ac|tc|ssv|geo|apt]
displays file database
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP 
.B avt -i fco -gmf
displays geo info, metar and taf for iata's fco station
.TP
.B avt --ssv ek
decode airline code
.TP
.B avt -i jfk --coord
print jfk's latitude and longitude
.TP
.B avt --list apt |grep CDG
scan the 'apt' database for all CDG matches
.SH SEE ALSO
.TP
http://github.com/elboza/avt
.SH AUTHOR
.nf
Fernando Iazeolla < fernando.iazeolla_FOobAr_gmail_Baz_com, by replacing _fOoBar_ with a @ and _Baz_ with a . > - founder & core developer.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.nf
Copyright (C) 2013 Fernando Iazeolla < fernando.iazeolla_FOobAr_gmail_Baz_com, by replacing _fOoBar_ with a @ and _Baz_ with a . >
.P
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
.P
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
.P
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.